add faq for gcp authorization (#129)
chaos-mesh/website: versioned_docs/version-2.0.1/faqs.md

---
id: faqs
title: FAQs
sidebar_label: FAQs
---

## Questions

### Q: If I do not have deployed Kubernetes clusters, can I use Chaos Mesh to create chaos experiments?

> No, you cannot use Chaos Mesh in this case. But you still can run chaos experiments using command lines. For more details, see [Command Line Usages of Chaos](https://github.com/pingcap/tipocket/blob/master/doc/command_line_chaos.md).

Reviewer: 这里能否也加一下 chaosd 链接

Author: 俺把这句话删了，直接改成 chaosd 吧

### Q: I have deployed Chaos Mesh and created PodChaos experiments successfully, but I still failed in creating NetworkChaos/TimeChaos Experiment. The log is shown as below:

```
2020-06-18T01:05:26.207Z	ERROR	controllers.TimeChaos	failed to apply chaos on all pods	{"reconciler": "timechaos", "error": "rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = connection error: desc = \"transport: Error while dialing dial tcp xx.xx.xx.xx:xxxxx: connect: connection refused\""}
```

You can use the `hostNetwork` parameter to fix this issue as follows:

```

> # vim helm/chaos-mesh/values.yaml, change hostNetwork from false to true

Reviewer: 是否需要加一个 helm upgrade 的说明，因为有些用户安装时没有clone 仓库

Author: 对

hostNetwork: true
```

### Q: The default administrator Google Cloud user account is forbidden to create chaos experiments. How to fix it?

> The default administrator Google Cloud user cannot be checked by `AdmissionReview`. So you have to create a administrator role and bind it to the account to grant it the priviledge to create chaos experiments. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default administrator Google Cloud user cannot be checked by `AdmissionReview`. You need to create an administrator role and assign the role to the account to grant the privilege of creating chaos experiments to it. For example:
```

```yaml
kind: ClusterRole
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: role-cluster-manager-pdmas
rules:
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources: ["pods", "namespaces"]
  verbs: ["get", "watch", "list"]
- apiGroups:
  - chaos-mesh.org
  resources: [ "*" ]
  verbs: ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "delete", "patch", "update"]
---
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager-binding
  namespace: chaos-testing
subjects:
# Google Cloud user account
- kind: User
  name: USER_ACCOUNT
roleRef:
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: role-cluster-manager-pdmas
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
```

The `USER_ACCOUNT` above should be your Google Cloud user email.

## DNSChaos

> ### Q: While trying to run DNSChaos in OpenShift, tripped over problems regarding authorization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: While trying to run DNSChaos in OpenShift, the problems regarding authorization blocked the process.
```
这部分修改为这样会不会影响原语意呢？

> Message most looked like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The error message is similar to this:
```

```bash
Error creating: pods "chaos-dns-server-123aa56123-" is forbidden: unable to validate against any security context constraint: [spec.containers[0].securityContext.capabilities.add: Invalid value: "NET_BIND_SERVICE": capability may not be added]
```

> You need to add privileged scc to default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, you need to add privileged Security Context Constraints (SCC) to the `chaos-dns-server`.
```

```bash
oc adm policy add-scc-to-user privileged -n chaos-testing -z chaos-dns-server
```

> ## Install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> ### Q: While trying to install chaos-mesh in OpenShift, tripped over problems regarding authorization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: While trying to install Chaos Mesh in OpenShift, the problems regarding authorization blocked the installation process.
```

> Message most looked like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The error message is similar to this:
```

```bash
Error creating: pods "chaos-daemon-" is forbidden: unable
 to validate against any security context constraint: [spec.securityContext.hostNetwork:
 Invalid value: true: Host network is not allowed to be used spec.securityContext.hostPID:
 Invalid value: true: Host PID is not allowed to be used spec.securityContext.hostIPC:
 Invalid value: true: Host IPC is not allowed to be used securityContext.runAsUser:
 Invalid value: "hostPath": hostPath volumes are not allowed to be used spec.containers[0].securityContext.volumes[1]:
 Invalid value: true: Host network is not allowed to be used spec.containers[0].securityContext.containers[0].hostPort:
 Invalid value: 31767: Host ports are not allowed to be used spec.containers[0].securityContext.hostPID:
 Invalid value: true: Host PID is not allowed to be used spec.containers[0].securityContext.hostIPC:
......]
```

> You need to add privileged scc to default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you need to add the privileged Security Context Constraints (SCC) to the `chaos-daemon`
```

---
id: faqs
title: FAQs
sidebar_label: FAQs
---

> ## Question

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Questions
```

> ### Q: If I do not have Kubernetes clusters deployed, can I use Chaos Mesh to create chaos experiments?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: If I do not have deployed Kubernetes clusters, can I use Chaos Mesh to create chaos experiments?
```

> No, you can not use Chaos Mesh in this case. But still you can run chaos experiments using command line. Refer to [Command Line Usages of Chaos](https://github.com/pingcap/tipocket/blob/master/doc/command_line_chaos.md) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, you cannot use Chaos Mesh in this case. But you still can run chaos experiments using command lines. For more details, see [Command Line Usages of Chaos](https://github.com/pingcap/tipocket/blob/master/doc/command_line_chaos.md).
```

> ### Q: I have deployed Chaos Mesh and created PodChaos experiments successfully, but I still failed in creating NetworkChaos/TimeChaos Experiment. The log is shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: I have deployed Chaos Mesh and created PodChaos experiments successfully, but I still failed in creating NetworkChaos/TimeChaos Experiment. The log is shown as below:
```

```
2020-06-18T01:05:26.207Z	ERROR	controllers.TimeChaos	failed to apply chaos on all pods	{"reconciler": "timechaos", "error": "rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = connection error: desc = \"transport: Error while dialing dial tcp xx.xx.xx.xx:xxxxx: connect: connection refused\""}
```

> You can try using the parameter: `hostNetwork`, as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can try using the `hostNetwork` parameter as following:
```

```
# vim helm/chaos-mesh/values.yaml, change hostNetwork from false to true
hostNetwork: true
```

> ### Q: I just saw `ERROR: failed to get cluster internal kubeconfig: command "docker exec --privileged kind-control-plane cat /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf" failed with error: exit status 1` when installing Chaos Mesh with kind. How to fix it?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: I just saw `ERROR: failed to get cluster internal kubeconfig: command "docker exec --privileged kind-control-plane cat /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf" failed with error: exit status 1` when installing Chaos Mesh with kind. How should I  fix it?
```

> You can try the following command to fix it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to fix it:
```
